chore: update changelog and versioning for 1.1.14 release (#558)
awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/#semantic-versioning-200).

## [1.1.14] - 2024-03-04
### Added
* Documentation regarding the differences between the AWS JDBC Driver and the AWS MySQL JDBC Driver ([PR #554](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc/pull/554)).
* Support for China endpoint patterns ([PR #543](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc/pull/543)).

### Fixed

> * Statement cancel waits for statement to finish before cancelling ([PR #531](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc/pull/531)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Statement cancel waits for statement to finish before cancelling ([Issue #527](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc/issues/527)).
```
